my name is James Penniston United States
Air Force retired in nineteen eighty i
was assigned to the largest Tactical
Fighter Wing in the Air Force at the
time is out of station at raf woodbridge
england shortly after midnight on the 26
of december 1980 staffs heart and
Stefan's briefed me that some lights
were seen in Rendlesham forest just
outside the back gate he informed me
that whatever he seen been crash he told
me it landed I then ordered Herman cab
and Zach a1c burles to respond with my
off-site that night we were on security
one which was in charge of mobile
security for the Woodbridge base and we
responded to jimbros his sighting of
something out on the edge of the flight
line with a controller on the radio
broadcast over the air that go down and
check out a possible UFO there was a
craft of some sort that was sitting just
inside the tree line when we write to
defected crash site it quickly became
apparent that we were not dealing with a
plane crash or for that matter anything
else we've ever responded to Burroughs
would say to Jim Penniston do you see
that you see do you see what's out dead
at that the edge of the trees was just
bright lights you know and the only way
you can describe it is it I guess you'd
call it an object at the point in time
three of us have direct observation of
the craft I then asked Airmen can ban
sach to relate the radio transmissions
back to our control center Burl's and I
proceeded towards the craft the only
noise we heard out in the woods was the
noise of the animals just as Burl's and
i entered the tree line the shape of the
craft was defined
the closer we got the more the white
light dissipated but what appeared was a
trying of craft when we approached it it
was I say measured probably about nine
feet long maybe six feet high little
higher me maybe six and a half feet the
lighting emanated from the fabric of the
craft and it would actually move around
and it would move we'd have different
locations where maybe a little blue
lighting was going into or maybe lower
red and then there must have been some
type of lighting underneath of it
because the silhouette the aircraft
itself I went around and started doing a
360 walk around the area taking
recording my observations i was looking
underneath the craft like that i had
taken quite detailed notes on that type
of aircraft still unknown no apparent
landing gear no sound but appears to be
pulsating somehow yeah it was pretty
nerve-wracking I mean when you're there
something there right in front of you
don't know what it is I would go ahead
and feel the craft which was warm there
was static electricity in the air very
warm to touch identifying markings are
in left front side as I came around to
the one side of the craft there was
itching on the face me just above the
center part of the craft itself of
course this is done all free hand as I
was walking around the craft but these
symbols trans from left to right across
and then underneath the those that line
of symbols was this which is triangular
and some type of circle here some type
of circle here in a larger circle here
and of course all this was filled in
with the like the etching part of it
I knew that that craft could not have
been made by man
and then they started moving back in
between the trees with absolutely no
sound no air disturbance at all take off
unknown speed and I right impossible I
mean it was threatening to me here but
it wasn't the type that you were going
to shoot on it and also the fact was
that what would happen if I would have
shot at him well what good would it have
done that night over 80 Air Force
personnel all trained observers assigned
to the 81st security police squadron
witness to take off the information
acquired during that investigation was
reported through my military channels
the team and witnesses were told to
treat the investigation as top secret
thank you